Deprecate Windows x86-32 JEP Proposal (#9)
microsoft/openjdk-proposals: deprecate_32_bit/Deprecate_32-bit_Proposal.md

Summary
-------
 

> Deprecate the Windows x86 32-bit ports, with the intent to remove them in a future release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deprecate the Windows x86 32-bit port, with the intent to remove it in a future release.
```

Goals
-----
The proposal has the following goals: 
1. Enhance the build system to issue an error message when an attempt is made to configure a build for one of the deprecated ports. The error message will be suppressible via a new configuration option.
1. Mark the ports, and related port-specific features, as deprecated for removal in the relevant JDK documentation.

Non-Goals
---------
1. It is not a goal of this JEP to change the status of the affected ports in any prior release. The earliest release to which this JEP could be targeted is JDK 21.

 
Motivation
----------

> Dropping support for these ports will enable contributors in the OpenJDK Community to accelerate the development of new features that will move the platform forward. Windows 10 (the last Windows operating system to support a 32-bit installation) will reach EOL on October 14, 2025. With Java 21 being potentially supported up to September 2031, it makes sense to deprecate the 32-bit port from the codebase.

Reviewer 2: > With Java 21 being potentially supported up to September 2031, it makes sense to deprecate the 32-bit port from the codebase.

This line here is not required. Keep in mind that OpenJDK is the reference implementation of the Java specifications. It is not in anyway a commercially supported product, and the statement "Java 21 being potentially supported" without mentioning a specific commercial vendor, is a moot point for the purpose of this JEP.

Perhaps a better point of view is that we believe a major part of Java workloads on Windows 32-bit is running older versions of Java without any forecast for upgrading to modern, post OpenJDK 17, versions.
